Well I come to this course.
Great to have you on board discourses about javascript a great language which you have to learn if you
want to do anything on Front-End web development.
Now you won't learn Javascript in this course though there are great courses out there which will teach
you javascript but we will dive into the most popular frameworks for javascript.
I will give you an introduction to these frameworks and you will not only learn how these frameworks
think and work so that you can then choose one and dive deeper into it and Avro courses.
But then that's very important in my opinion.
You will also get an overview over the javascript world and I will hopefully clear up some of the confusion
you may have because we have so many turns in a javascript world ESX types view Cheikh worry Balal web
pig.
That can be hard to navigate this jungle of turn's packages libraries frameworks what is all of that.
While this course we're going to go through that.
And by the end of the course you should have a much clearer picture.
And since we have introductions to the three most important frameworks you should be able to make an
educated decision into which framework you want to dive deeper and you will also know why.
Using that framework might be a good idea.
So let's get started.